I think one way, uh, that you can develop skills within a team is to observe
the other teammates within that team. The find out where their
strengths and deficiencies are. And how do you assimilate your own
personality? How do you assimilate your own strength and weaknesses
and how that's going to contribute? Um, to the team ahead. Sometimes
that's gonna be require some additional training. Additional guideline.
Whether that's formal training, informal on the job. The ultimate
goal is that when we look around the team that we have people that
are complementary to one another and they're able to get the mission
done.